
The Network Simulator, Version 3, flexRLM framework
================================

This ns-3 code is based on the proposed work in the paper:

[1] A. Ichkov, A. Schott, P. Mähönen and L. Simić, 'flexRLM: Flexible Radio Link Monitoring for Multi-User Downlink Millimeter-Wave Networks', to be presented in Proc. IEEE INFOCOM 2023.

This code enables multi-user downlink millimeter-wave end-to-end network simulations utilizing 5G-NR standard-compliant beam management downlink operations. 
It is based on the flexRLM framework, a coordinator-based flexible radio link monitoring (RLM) framework that enables joint beam management and low complexity load-balancing in multi-user mm-wave downlink networks.

If you use this module in your research, please cite [1].

## Building the code
The code for the framework and the default models provided by ns-3 is built as a set of libraries. User simulations are expected to be written as simple programs that make use of these ns-3 libraries.

To build the set of default libraries and the example programs included in this package, you need to use the tool 'waf':

```shell
./waf configure --disable-werror
```
```shell
./waf build
```
in the directory which contains this README file. The files built will be copied in the build/ directory.

The flexRLM ns-3 framework is built as an extension to the [ns-3 5G-LENA module](https://github.com/QiuYukang/5G-LENA), which is a pluggable module to the ns-3 base simulator.

## Running ns-3-flexRLM
On recent Linux systems, once you have built ns-3, it should be easy to run the sample program with the following command:

```shell
./waf --run main_flexRLM.cc
```

The simulation results generated by this program can be found in /out/test/.

## License
This software is licensed under the terms of the GNU GPLv2, as like as ns-3. See the LICENSE file for more details.
